gentlemen please there's no need to
panic this is all simple mistake well we
brought the man who started all of it so
why don't we hear him talk my name is
Jack Wilson I'm a rancher out in Roswell
I was the one that found the wreckage at
first I didn't know what it was and then
when I saw him it made me free but but I
was wrong it was just a weather balloon
I'll wear the balloon right here hide
your car mail if you please
[Applause]
[Music]
you thinking what I'm thinking yep they
rent your light there's more to this
story much more they whine the film
they're stopped it was Harding doing it
as well
well captain maybe this is where the
cover up again and doc that is where we
begin
you